#summary Known bugs in current release

version 0.9.6:

  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=32&can=1 Issue 32]: Macro not working which relies on internal define context having `letrec*` semantics.(fixed in trunk version)  	 
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=33&can=1 Issue 33]: `free-identifier=?` broken.(fixed in trunk version) 
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=34&can=1 Issue 34]: `make-list` accepting negative argument.(fixed in trunk version) 
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=35&can=1 Issue 35]: `list?` Segmentation fault.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=37&can=1 Issue 37]: xitomatl tests not working under Ypsilon.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * `abs`, `min`, `max`, `sqrt`, `asin`, `acos`, `log`, `expt`, `rationalize`, and `imag-part` not working correctly.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * `syntax-case`, `syntax-rules`, `define-condition-type` not working correctly.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * `call/cc`, `cond`, and `let` not working correctly.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * custom port not working correctly.(fixed in trunk version)  
  * incorrect gc write barrier cause random segmentation fault.(fixed in trunk version)  

  * See [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/list Issues list] to check more.

version 0.9.5-update2 (based on revision 111):

  * `letrec` and `letrec*` restriction violation raises syntax violation on load. But it should raises assertion violation on runtime.

  * _All bugs in version 0.9.5-update2 are fixed in version 0.9.6_

version 0.9.5-update1 (based on revision 69):

  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=26&can=1 Issue 26]: unpredictable heap crash with process fork/exec etc.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=29&can=1 Issue 29]: `free-identifier=?` problem with shadowed identifier.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=30&can=1 Issue 30]: `Test Arithmetics` enter an infinite loop on MacOS X 10.5 Leopard.
  * bignum operation produce wrong result.
  * reader fall into infinite loop when reading big exact number (i.e. #e1e2000)
  * reader have problems with reading identifier delimited by ';'
  * reader have problems reading unicode char
  * unicode general category table contains wrong values
  * `free-identifier=?`, `lookahead-char`, `real-part`, `enumerators`, `div`, `mod`, `div0`, and `mod0` not working correctly
  * using eval in the `R6RS top-level program` causes "error: unbound variable set-top-level-value!"

  * _All bugs in version 0.9.5-update1 are fixed in version 0.9.5-update2_

version 0.9.5:

  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=1&can=1 Issue 1]: `free-identifier=?` does not work correctly.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=2&can=1 Issue 2]: does not build on x86_64.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=3&can=1 Issue 3]: `unspecified` keyword hygiene problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=4&can=1 Issue 4]: `standard-output-port`, `standard-error-port` malfunction.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=6&can=1 Issue 6]: `string-for-each`, `string-fill!`, `make-custom-binary-input-port`, `make-custom-textual-input-port`, `make-custom-binary-output-port`, and `make-custom-textual-output-port` are unbound in `rnrs` library.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=9&can=1 Issue 9]: dot lexical syntax problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=10&can=1 Issue 10]: `define-condition-type` problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=13&can=1 Issue 13]: `syntax-rules` problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=14&can=1 Issue 14]: Makefile permission problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=16&can=1 Issue 16]: REPL hygiene problem.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=12&can=1 Issue 12]: missing `&undefined` condition for unbound identifier exception.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=15&can=1 Issue 15]: `(x ... . r)` pattern does not work.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=17&can=1 Issue 17]: `raise-continuable` with non-serious condition does not return.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=18&can=1 Issue 18]: `datum->syntax` synthesized lexical context not working.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=19&can=1 Issue 19]: `(scheme-report-environment 5)` not working.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=20&can=1 Issue 20]: `make-vector` is broken for 1M elements.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=21&can=1 Issue 21]: `eof-object?` not exported from `(rnrs io simple)`.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=22&can=1 Issue 22]: `eval` not working with environment which does not contain `define`.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=23&can=1 Issue 23]: Missing R^6^RS bindings.
  * [http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/issues/detail?id=24&can=1 Issue 24]: Macro use not allowing improper list form.
  * reader incorrectly interpret Comma "," (U+002C), Apostrophe "'" (U+0027), and Grave Accent "`" (U+0060) as delimiter.
  * incorrect conversion from rational to inexact if rational have bignum for its elements.
  * R^6^RS top-level program which do not import 'define' cause endless expansion.
  * `syntax-case` transformer wrap/unwrap syntax incorrectly.
  * reading inexact number possibly cause memory overflow.
  * `bitwise-arithmetic-shift` does not work correctly for fixnum.

  * _All bugs in version 0.9.5 are fixed in version 0.9.5-update1_